Daji, he is too much Qinghong
Chu Yang is right
After all, I owe them
Back then, the enemy chased down the Red Star demonstration
Dad needs my help urgently.
I'm afraid of implicating Chu Yang and Yaoyao
Otherwise I wouldn't have left them for 7 years
Yaoyao may not go blind
It's all my problem.
Now I'm back in control of the Red Star Consortium
Back on top
I also found Chu Yang and Yaoyao
It's time to make up for them
Jin Hong, go get ready
I want to retire
Sister, yes.
Say
Hammer, I heard you need some money urgently
Replace your daughter's cornea
As long as you promise
From the next game
Mr. Miyamoto who lost to Japan
The damn money is yours
Let me run the first race
You have to deliberately lose to the firefighter
So what if I was?
This is 1 million
How many races do you have to run to earn money?
Not to mention doing things for Zhao Shao to restrain your honor
Excuse me?
Although I am short of money
But I was born to force him
I'm not born with soft bones like some people
Born to be a dog for the Japanese
ignorant lift
beckon
Mr. Miyamoto
Zhao Zhao's game is not over yet
We still have a chance.
Why don't we do this?
Chu Yang, I advise you to step on the brakes for Lao Tzu now
Otherwise, your daughter will hold a meeting with your mother and father
You son of a bitch
Congratulations to Fuyang for winning the championship of this event
The car god is very good, Chu Yang, you successfully provoked me
Now bring me the abandoned project in Beicheng immediately
Aren't you the champion?
You have five minutes.
otherwise
You only see the bodies of your daughter and your mother